Custom TFLite Library for iOS Developer 글 작성 (#15)
applicable-ml/applicable-ml.github.io: _posts/2022-03-31-custom_tflite_library_for_ios_developer_en.md

---

> title: Custom TFLite Library for iOS Developer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Custom TFLite Library for iOS Developer (en)
```

> tags: ['TFLite', 'iOS', 'Universal Framework']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: ['TFLite', 'iOS', 'Universal Framework', 'Model Serving']
```

author: "Sangyeop Jeong"
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [Custom TFLite Library for iOS Developer (한국어)](custom_tflite_library_for_ios_developer_kr)

```

# Intro

: TFLite framework for iOS Developer is distributed in CocoaPod. So once you make the Podfile and specify the following, any developers can use the TFLite framework easily.

```ruby
# Swift #
use_frameworks!
pod ‘TensorFlowLiteSwift’

# Objective-C #
pod ‘TensorFlowLiteObjC’
```

>  If you wanna make an Application using TFLite, You just need to use CocoaPod. But, How about developing and distributing libraries use TFLite? If you distribute your library via CocoaPod, you can simply specify its dependency with `TensorFlowLite(Swift/Objc)` in CocoaPod Spec. But. If you distribute your library through through other channels, You need to build TensorFlowLite yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you wanna make an Application using TFLite, You just need to use CocoaPod. But, How about developing and distributing libraries using TFLite? If you distribute your library via CocoaPod, you can simply specify its dependency with `TensorFlowLite(Swift/Objc)` in CocoaPod Spec. But. If you distribute your library through other channels, You need to build TensorFlowLite yourself.
```

>  Also, TFLite was built to *.framework(instead of *.xcframework). Currently, *.framework isn’t preferrable because Apple recommend to use *.xcframework. So, It is good to build to *.xcframework of TFLite yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Also, TFLite was built to `*.framework`(instead of `*.xcframework`). Currently, `*.framework` isn’t preferable because Apple recommends using `*.xcframework`. So, It is good to build to `*.xcframework` of TFLite yourself.
```

>  This post is helpful for iOS Developer that build TFLite itself. This post is written as of TenserFlow 2.4, If you use another version, maybe need to modify some build script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This post is helpful for iOS Developers that build TFLite itself. This post is written as of TensorFlow 2.4, If you use another version, maybe need to modify some build script.
```

# Universal Library Build

> : In TFLite Project, You can find build script of Universal Library for iOS(See this [Link](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/v2.4.2/tensorflow/lite/tools/make/build_ios_universal_lib.sh)). Let’s assume you use x86_64 mac, run build script with specifying arguments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: In TFLite Project, You can find the build script of Universal Library for iOS(See this [Link](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/blob/v2.4.2/tensorflow/lite/tools/make/build_ios_universal_lib.sh)). Let’s assume you use `x86_64` mac, run build script with specifying arguments. 
```

```bash

> ./build_ios_universal_lib.sh -a “x86_64 arm64”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./build_ios_universal_lib.sh -a "x86_64 arm64"
```

```

> after build completes, `libtensorflow-lite.a` will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the build completes, `libtensorflow-lite.a` will be generated.
```

> # Add libtensorflow-lite.a in Xcode Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add `libtensorflow-lite.a` in Xcode Project
```

## Add Header File

> : Let’s import libtensorflow-lite.a in Xcode Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Let’s import `libtensorflow-lite.a` in Xcode Project.
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17686601/161046218-305119b9-eaed-466b-940c-35a127c1697a.png" width="80%"/>

>  Hmm... Can we build this project now? Sadly, there are some task yet. libtensorflow-lite.a is C/C++ library, so we have to import header files in Xcode Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Hmm... Can we build this project now? Sadly, there is some task yet. `libtensorflow-lite.a` is a C/C++ library, so we have to import header files in Xcode Project.
```

>  In this [Link](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/v2.4.2/tensorflow/lite), you can find many *.c/cpp and header files of TFLite. We imported libtensorflow-lite.a previously, we just need to import header files. Unfortunately, some header is incompatible for iOS. Which header is incompatible? Seriously, we have to check one by one? Somewhere in the world, the great developer has already classified usable header. Let’s visit this repository([Link](https://github.com/ValYouW/tflite-dist/releases/tag/v2.4.1)), then download and import header files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In this [Link](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/v2.4.2/tensorflow/lite), you can find many `*.c/cpp` and header files of TFLite. We imported `libtensorflow-lite.a` previously, we just need to import header files. Unfortunately, some header is incompatible with iOS. Which header is incompatible? Seriously, do we have to check one by one? Somewhere in the world, a great developer has already classified a usable header. Let’s visit this repository([Link](https://github.com/ValYouW/tflite-dist/releases/tag/v2.4.1)), then download and import header files.
```

## Specify Header Path

> : importing header files, you have to specify Header Search Paths in Build Settings. Specify proper path according to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: importing header files, you have to specify Header Search Paths in Build Settings. Specify the proper path according to your project.
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17686601/161046330-2a253a71-e877-478b-bade-449caa67a7ce.png" width="80%"/>

## Specify **Linker Flag**

> : For using C/C++ library, specify Other Linker Flags. I specified `-lc++`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: For using the C/C++ library, specify Other Linker Flags. I specified `-lc++`.
```
